For my midterm, I included a good few different kinds 
of mechanics. There's of course player movement and interacting 
with objects so that there's an exploratory feel to the game
similar to Treasure Hunt, but I also included a few others: 

1) For the Animation and Storyboard minigames, I 
included a drawing mechanic where you trace the 
sketch on the frame. Since my game is all about
the different departments of my animation class, 
I had to include storyboarding and animation somehow.
And since coding in a genuine way the ability to draw
entire storyboards and animations takes a lot longer 
than 3 weeks, I had to figure out a simple yet effective 
way to get the idea across. So, I came up with a simple
draw tool and stencil idea that would give the vibe
of drawing without you having to actually spend too much
time trying to draw a legit frame.
(I also left the area around the frame draw-able
purposefully, both to allow the player to mess around
with the brush if they wanted, and also to emulate the 
fact that my classmates and I would doodle outside of
frame pretty often).

2) For the BG and Character Design minigames, I made a 
type of dress up game mechanic (to be honest, I don't know
what to call it, but it reminds me of old dress up games where
you keep pressing the arrow to find the outfit you like). BG
and character design are also important in making a short film,
so I wanted to include them too. But just like storyboarding/
animation, allowing the player to fully create an actual 
background and/or character would be super hard to code 
(at least for me), so I tried to simplify it in a fun but easier way.
The way I came up with ended up being this dress-up game
mechanic, that way you can feel like your creating the
character/background without actually fully creating it. There 
is still a right answer in order to easily progress the game, 
but the player still is freely able to mix and match the parts
of the character/background if they want.

3) Lastly I had the quiz type mechanic for the sound design minigame.
As with all the rest of the minigames, implementing how a department
would actually function into a 5 min little game is incredibly hard (and
would be incredibly time consuming). When it came to the sound minigame,
I thought the easiest way to go about it was to have the player pick "good" 
sounds for the hypothetical film. The easiest way to do this in my mind was
to make it a little game where you were given a prompt and had to select
the correct sound for it. That way it gave the feeling of searching for
sounds for the film (like I had to constantly do when I was in that department), 
without making it genuinely tasking with having to select a sound, edit 
the sound, and mix it so it properly fit the "film's" vibe.

For each of these mechanics, I wanted to find a simplified way to encapsulate
the feeling of each department. Through these minigames I implemented
the mechanics in a way that would be able to both progress the game while
still giving off vibes of each job. 